laguna is 20 years old and she is the leader
of a company that sells phones
and his sister rober that at 26 is at
unemployment
finally that's what she believes rebecka is
more and more absent at home
family and the laguna box to
new competitors who are very
trippant who are his competitors
that cache found that a role you
rochelle the new secretary of
Labinal
it is normal to trust his
joint
as it is normal to believe what he
tells you on one condition however that
your trust do not make you
blinded
if you want to react to this episode
well you can do it now
by connecting to the networks
whose address is displayed at the bottom
of your screen
this story is inspired by facts
real
here we are in the suburbs of Paris where
he works there bouna and today
it's a big day she's waiting for her
new secretary to this must be l
Great
ah hello rochelle how are you
very well and you very very well I you
please if vma i will introduce you the
office I hope you will you
please in these companies
I may attack a little bit hard but he
there are already some papers to fill
in addition we have new competitors
very hard I know about them
competitors do not worry it's going
do it
excuse me but do you know the name
the head of the opposing company
no why because they do not want
give me their name it's weird
that yes very go to work rochelle
was perfect for this post finally it's
what I thought were dresses etc at the
laguna sister who is unemployed and
their mother goulia nurse at home
Hi it's me
hello my daughter hi or the hat is from
bad hair I'm not bad
you see it's just that you
get mad at stopping a bit then
always unemployed would be yes and then
what can it do for you
relax, I took two days of
rest to spend some time with
you're sorry, but it's dead
sorry surprise the reaction of dresses etc
to my surprise it is rare that she speaks
like that his sister
I do not understand why she did not
could spend two days with me she is
Unemployed
they stay at home every day
to do anything she deserves all of this
anyway she annoys me it's not my
fault that it was happening when I
was not there she went bad hair
a ben I do not know at all what is
usually she is super happy
and here I have the impression that she is
angry to see you pass the pressure that
I got so good I'll go to him
speak
yes I think it's the best
solution
while the threat ready to discuss
with her sister she will make a
discovery and not least what is it
who will not recover
I'm unemployed and you're boss
corporate yes I understand made of
research
oh well it's easy to say that when we
is you do not listen actually I'm talking to you
if you listen, but you have to
that I leave you when I saw this
work contract on the night table
to rob case I was usually shocked
German speaks when it happens to him
cool things but there's nothing not so that
laguna wander the streets of paris
she's going to make a discovery of the least
surprising but what are they
are both of them
know when I saw rob scales
Rochelle at the bar together I do not have
understood war she treated him even of
hen g seems to hesitate I can not resist
to want to follow them
so I waited good go we go there
or is it is it's gone cut
and
but that's the company I'm with
in competition what are they doing
the
this raid what are you doing here
that you should ask the question
you see rochelle it's my secretary
what I do not believe in frost is my
secretary
yes yes that's what you thought except that
for you it's a spy and for me
it's my secretary your box will sink
I have all the records it takes to
able to sink the box and retrieved it
was a monster
yeah basically it's a little bit that it
I had to revenge you all
succeeded me I never have anything except
chocolates and ben there we exchange your
business is not me you me wable
ok I think I like in the valley
the screw you do I am very disappointed with the
my sister's behavior I did not even
not notice that she offers herself at this point
I am disgusted
this is the episode is over but I
give you an appointment very soon for
a new issue of the day where everything has
switched